Presented by
i PICTURES
Co-presented by
Muhan Investment && CI NECLICK ASIA
Co-produced by Masulpiri Pictures
&& b.o.m Film Productions
Soo-Jung lm
Jeong-a Yeom
Kab-su Kim
Geun-young Moon
Written && directed by
Jee-woon Kim
A TALE OF TWO SISTERS
How was your day today?
How was it?
Well then. shall we talk?
First. tell me about yourself.
Who do you think you are?
Do you know who this is?
Don't know?
It's your family.
Want to see it again?
Fine then.
Can you tell me about that day?
What happened that day?
You should be able
to remember it clearly.
It's OK.
From now on.
tell me what happened.
Aren't you getting out?
Su-yeon.
Su-yeon!
It's so pretty.
Give me your hand.
The other one.
Why?
Su-mi!
Welcome home!
It's been such a long time.
You've changed
so much. Su-yeon.
You look prettier.
But you two really disappointed me.
I waited all day for you two.
cooking and cleaning the house.
but why didn't you say hi first?
What did you do?
Were you at the wharf?
You should've changed first
before you went outside.
Anyway. welcome back home.
Is something wrong?
I see you are better.
I'm so glad you feel better now.
You're taking after your mum.
You're feeling a lot better too. right?
Right. l bet you're both tired.
Get some rest and come down for dinner.
I'm preparing a special dinner.
But you have to give me some time.
There's a lot to prepare.
We just got back.
Things don't look so good right now.
It wouldn't help much if you came.
Yeah. l know.
Let's talk later.
I should go.
So you're doing OK. right?
Did l tell you?
Sun-kyu and his wife
are coming over.
It'll be alright.
I’ll take care of it.
OK. bye.
Oh. right!
I invited Sun-kyu and his wife
over for dinner this weekend.
Really?
It'll be nice for them
to see the girls after so long.
And to catch up on things.
That was delicious.
Sorry. l have things to tend to.
You must be tired.
so clean it up tomorrow.
Did you prepare
your father's undergarments?
Thanks. but that's my job.
Cleaning my room is my job.
Why'd you touch my stuff?
That's how it was before.
So all of the same clothes
were hanging there before?
I'm not having dinner with him.
What?
I said I’m not having
dinner with that guy.
He's not some guy. he's your uncle.
It's the first day.
so let's give it a rest.
- And you?
- Yes?
Aren't you going to follow her?
You're supposed to follow your sister.
Did that woman say something to you?
If she ever gets on your case.
then tell me.
And don't ignore it
like before. OK?
Good night.
What's wrong?
Did you have a bad dream?
Was it the closet?
Then what's wrong?
I keep hearing strange noises outside.
It's because you've been away too long.
It's OK.
Let's sleep.
Somebody came into my room.
Dad's sleeping.
I know.
Then why are you trying to wake him?
Says who?
You were trying to wake him just now.
Do you have something to tell him?
It's none of your business.
All I’m saying is don't wake him up.
Do you understand me?
I just came downstairs for water.
He's asleep. so be quiet.
Did you go to my room?
Who was it?
That woman.
Step mum?
It's strange.
What is?
That woman is strange.
And so is this house.
Are you scared?
Everything's alright.
I'm here.
Come here.
Let's sleep.
I’ll always be with you.
Are you awake?
Yes.
- Can l come in?
- No.
Come down and eat.
What are you doing?
Are you having your period?
No. Su-yeon is.
Su-yeon?
That's so funny.
How could we both get
our periods on the same day?
Su-mi.
It's OK. come down.
That's mum's favourite. huh?
Do it like this.
- Shall we kill them?
- Let's set them free.
She'll freak out
if we mess with her precious.
I would hate to see that.
Su-mi.
What are you doing out in the cold?
Are you alright?
- Something wrong with me?
- You don't look so good.
Are you feeling sick?
No. I’m OK.
Tell me what's wrong?
I said I’m OK.
Just get rid of
the closet in Su-yeon's room.
Su-mi. we agreed
not to talk about that closet.
You promised. right?
Su-mi...
I know you're very angry with me.
And I know I'm a bad father.
You're not even a bad father.
It's cold. let's get inside.
I will.
What are you doing?
You scared me.
When did you come in?
- Did you go to the warehouse?
- Yeah.
Su-yeon. look at this.
Tada!
Pretty. huh?
Is it mum's?
There's more.
It's mum!
Taritakoom. taritakoom.
What's that?
It's a spell to call mum.
Who told you that?
Mum did.
- What?
- Can l take this?
Sure.
This.
- And this.
- Wait!
What's this?
Who did this to you?
Tell me. who did this?
It's OK. tell me.
She did this. huh?
She did this. didn't she?
Su-yeon.
what's wrong with you?
I told you to tell me everything!
She did this. right?
She did this. huh?
Did she do this?
Tell me! Tell me!
What?
How can you be so cruel?
It's a retribution. If you disobey.
you need to be punished.
Does dad know what you did?
Think your father can solve everything?
Then go get him.
Want me to do it?
Sit down!
Where are your manners?
Were you like this to your mum. too?
Don't bring up my mum.
Listen carefully.
I'm your mother. got it?
As much as you hate it.
I’m the only one in this world
you can call mother. got it?
Crying over your mum's photos
won't change anything.
Hard to handle? That's too bad
but that's how the world is.
The world isn't
as sweet as you picture it.
Sometimes you have to
bear the worst and live on.
Like the way I’m bearing you two!
What?
Why the hell did you even come here?
I can't believe you
said that to me again.
You're not well yet. are you?
Don't touch me.
- Get off me!
- What's wrong with you?
Are you that clueless?
Don't touch me with those filthy hands!
Su-mi. listen to me.
I don't want to hear it.
You're the same.
That's not true. you've misunderstood.
You're not even accepting all this.
Why is it always me?
Why are you asking only me
to understand?
You really don't know?
Maybe not.
I don't know. so tell me
and let it off your chest. Tell me.
Will it change anything?
Will it?
Su-mi...
Don't do this.
Please don't.
You'll get sick again.
What?
Fine.
From now on.
anything that happens here.
all the filthy things you brought here.
You're responsible for it all.
I have nothing more to say.
so answer the phone.
Do you remember?
My memory's a bit blurry.
but l think it did happen.
When was it?
Hey. remember this?
You jumped into the river
to catch some fish.
Then you started to drown.
and everyone had a fit.
There was another funny story.
What was it?
Oh yeah. l remember.
Remember that crazy guy?
The funny thing is
that he was usually normal.
but whenever it rained. he went nuts.
While ploughing the field. he'd strip
off his clothes if it rained.
and run out into the highway.
The funniest time was
when it rained off and on.
So he'd put on and take off
his clothes. again and again.
Then he got sick of it
and just went into his house.
Everyone in the neighbourhood
laughed so much back then.
But when he was little
he saw him doing that once.
and then he ran together
with that crazy guy.
Our mum saw that
and she almost passed out.
Do you remember?
You remember. right?
Say something.
Don't you remember?
You remember. right?
No. l don't remember.
What?
I said. l don't remember.
Why don't you remember?
Are you crazy?
Mi-hee!
Hold her!
Calm down!
I’ve got water.
I’ll hold her.
Calm down!
Mi-hee.
calm down.
I'm sorry.
I didn't want to come
but Mu-Hyun begged me to
so l had no choice.
- Honey.
- Yes?
I saw something strange in that house.
What did you see?
There was a girl
under the kitchen sink.
Go to bed.
- Can't you just stay here?
- What for?
- It's strange.
- What's strange?
It's strange.
After the girls came home.
weird things have been
happening in this house.
- Don't say stupid things.
- Didn't you see it?
You're just having
a hard time adjusting.
You'll get better if you rest.
No.
There's something in this house.
I’ll look around. so take a rest.
Open the door!
Open it!
Open it now!
These brats.
Get up.
Get off the bed.
Get off now!
I said get off.
Come here.
You little...
Tell me.
This damn house
won't leave me the hell alone.
Tell me the truth.
Who did it?
Who was it?
Tell me the truth.
Who did it?
Was it Su-mi?
You two need to learn a lesson!
Was it your sister?
So do you feel better looking
at your dead mom's things?
Feel happy after seeing the photos?
Say that you're sorry.
Until you do. don't even
think about coming out.
It's no use crying.
Say that you're sorry
and beg for forgiveness!
I'm sorry.
What's that?
Say it properly.
I'm sorry.
I’ll ask you once more.
Are you admitting that you're sorry?
Stop crying.
I don't want to hear it.
so stop it now!
Are you mad at me?
Is that why you're crying?
Fine. let's see how long you hold up.
This will put some sense into you two.
Su-yeon.
Su-yeon!
Su-yeon. I’m sorry.
I didn't hear you.
I'm sorry. Su-yeon.
I'm sorry.
This will never happen again.
Never.
Don't cry. it's OK now.
Tell me.
Tell what?
Why the hell are you doing this?
Tell me why you've acted so weird
since you got here.
You really don't know?
Don't know what? What is it?
What that woman is doing to us!
So tell me what has she done?
She keeps harassing Su-yeon.
What?
Didn't you hear me?
I said she keeps
harassing Su-yeon!
She's vicious. evil and always
locks Su-yeon up in the closet!
Su-mi. please stop it.
Stop what?
You know that
Su-yeon is scared of her.
Su-yeon. you tell dad.
Stop crying. and tell him now.
- Tell him!
- Please stop!
Su-yeon is dead.
What?
No.
Su-yeon is dead.
so pull yourself together.
How long will you keep this up?
It's not true. Su-yeon.
Come over here tomorrow.
l can't do it alone.
She's getting worse.
I’ll pick you up.
call me when you get here.
Su-mi. I’m going out.
Will be back in the afternoon.
Make sure you lock up.
Su-yeon!
Su-yeon.
I'm sick and tired of your family.
You all make me sick!
What in the hell's name
made us get to this point?
Don't you get it yet?
Remember what l told you before?
Remember when l said
you'll regret it some day?
Know what's really scary?
You want to forget something.
totally wipe it off of your mind.
But you never can.
It can't go away. you see.
And it follows you around.
like a ghost.
Help me.
Sure. I’ll help you.
Let's end it here.
Su-mi!
Where's Su-mi?
Please stop it.
I'm sick of it now.
Take this. you'll feel much better.
Su-mi!
Don't you get it yet?
You're just having
a hard time adjusting.
You must be still sick.
You promised not to
bring up that closet.
We got our periods on the same day.
Su-yeon is dead.
No. l don't remember.
Su-mi. are you OK?
It's all over now.
You'll feel better here.
Get some rest.
I’ll visit often.
Take good care of yourself.
Bye.
Su-mi. what's wrong?
Let go.
Let go. Su-mi.
Please. stop it and let go.
- No. I’ll get it.
- Let me take one.
Mum.
Su-yeon.
Mum!
Didn't you hear something?
Why would you come up here?
Dad's not here.
What do you mean by that?
Now you're trying to act like mum.
Do me a favour.
Stay out of our lives.
Can you get out of the way?
I have to go.
You might regret this moment.
Keep that in mind.
What can be worse
than standing here with you?
When you're here.
l want to be as far
away from you as l can.
Do you get it now?
Su-mi.
Help me.